The Man Who Never Lied
http://www.worldoftales.com/African_folktales/African_Folktale_2.html

Once upon a time there lived a wise randomnoun by the name of mainnoun. He never sameverbed. All the randomnoun in the randomnoun, even the ones who lived twenty days away, knew about mainnoun.

The weirdnoun randverbed about mainnoun and randverbed his randomnoun to randverb him to the randomnoun. He randverbed at the randadj randomnoun and randverbed:

" mainnoun, is it true, that you have never sameverbed?"

" It's true."

"And you will never sameverb in your life?"

" I'm sure in that."

"Okay, tell the truth, but be careful! The sameverb is randverbing and it gets on your tongue easily."

Several days passed and the weirdnoun called mainnoun once again. There was a big randomnoun: the weirdnoun was about to go randverbing. The weirdnoun held his randomnoun by the randomnoun, his randadj randomnoun was already on the randomnoun. He randverbed mainnoun:

"Go to my randadj randomnoun and randverb the SubChar I will be with her for lunch. Tell her to randverb a randadj randomnoun. You will have lunch with me then."

mainnoun randverbed down and went to the SubChar. Then the weirdnoun randverbed and said:

"We won't go randverbing and now mainnoun will sameverb to the SubChar. Tomorrow we will randverb on his behalf."

But the wise mainnoun went to the randomnoun and said:

"Maybe you should randverb a randadj randomnoun for randomnoun tomorrow, and maybe you shouldn't. Maybe the weirdnoun will come by noon, and maybe he won't."

"Tell me will he come, or won't he?" - asked the SubChar.

"I don't know weather he put his randadj randomnoun on the randomnoun, or he put his randadj randomnoun on the randomnoun after I left."

Every randomnoun randverbed for the weirdnoun. He came the next day and said to the SubChar:

"The randadj mainnoun, who never sameverbs, sameverbed to you yesterday."

But the SubChar told him about the words of mainnoun. And the weirdnoun randverbed, that the randadj randomnoun never sameverbs, and says only that, which he saw with his own randomnoun.

